Chemo-art

Name of event:  CHEMO-ART

Target participants: Sem-2, 4, 6

Description: Fun-technical event .This event is basically fun event with essence of technical knowledge Basic purpose of this event is to bring out the qualities from the students like team work, creativity and innovation. The participants would be tested with their presence of mind, innovative ideas, creativity and practical application of science.

Number of rounds: 3

Rounds scheme:
Round-1:
This is basically treasure hunt type round in which each teams would be provided with clues which they have to solve. Top 25teams depending upon total number of participants would be shortlisted for 2nd round, based on time taken by teams to solve the clues.
Round-2:
In this round 25teams will be assign a common topic and rapid fire round based on that topic will carry out. Participants need to answer a series of questions asked to them based on different criteria like Current affairs, basic knowledge of science and particularly chemistry.at the end of questions they need to present their view on that topic .they will be judged on time limit and answers. Top 8 teams would be selected for next round.
Round-3:
In this round top 8 teams would be provided a few Chemicals through which they need to make different colors. They need to draw a painting with help of Colors, obtained from mixing of chemicals. Top 3 teams will be declaring as winner on the basis of creativity and maximum utilization of chemicals.
Rules:
	Any misconduct of the team during the event would lead to disqualification of the team. 
	The decision of the event coordinator would be considered as the final one.
	Misconduct in chemical laboratory and any damage of table ware would lead to instant disqualification and fine.
Team size: 4(max)
Registration fees: 120(per team)
Student coordinators:                                                                 Faculty coordinators:
1). Anant S Maheshwari. (7624066058) 			1). Prof.Rignesh Patel
2). Jayesh S Shah. (7698844572)	 			2). Dr.Chirag Patel.
3). Ishan M Joshi. ( 9998214939)				3) Dr.Arup Ghosh
4) Manank M Kaji. (9033318406)			4) Dr. Anju
