Gaming : FIFA

Target Participants: Semesters 2, 4, 6 of All Branches

Description: Battle through different players in different teams.

The Number of Rounds: 2

Team size: 1 Participant

Expected strength/skill of participants: FIFA

Registration fees per team: Rs. 40

Name of Student Co-ordinator(s): 

Raj Kansara  (Mobile No. : - 8460579592 Mail ids: - rajkansara26@gmail.com)
Pururaj Solanki (mobile no:- 075729 01706 mail id:- pururajsolanki45@gmail.com)

Name of faculty Co-ordinator(s): Prof. Vivek S. Patel

Round 1: - Hometown round
International or Club gameplay will be decided on the basis of a toss.
Both players will be allowed to select a team and then that player will have to in his own team in this round also known as Home Team.
Round comprises of 4 min half that is complete 8 min game.
This round will be of one game.
Approx Time: - 10 Min.

Round 2: - Away round
In this round the player who played in the home country in previous round will play in other players selected country that is away country.
This round too will be of 4 min half which is 8 min full.
This round will be of one game.
The scores will be the total score achieved in both rounds.
If a player playing in away scores a goal than that point will be added as a bonus point and will only be considered when both players scores equal sum of goals.
The structure of the competition is tree structure that is each pair of round will be knock out round.
The finale will be of around 20 min full having same round structure.
Approx Time: - 10 Min.

Rules: -
1	Controllers if provided by committee are not to be damaged and if damaged player will have to pay certain fine.
2	Players are allowed to bring their own controllers.
3	Players must be present in the tournament area with the whole team at the notifications schedule. Players are advised to be present a few minutes before the schedule to avoid any unpredictable delay. If the team is not present at the notification schedule, they shall be disqualified.
4	Teams will be given 1 minutes to configure their settings and after that use of console or change in settings will be strictly prohibited.
5	The seating arrangement is to the discretion of the tournament officials.
6	Players are allowed to bring their own headphones.Headphones will not be provided by the committee.
