Gaming : Blur

Name of event: - Gaming - Blur.

Target audience: - Semester 2, 4 & 6
 
Description: - Racing and weapons.
 	
Tagline: - In speed we believe.

Team size: - Individual.

Main tournament: -

First round:

Four players would be playing the game at a time.
The winner would proceed in the next round.

There would be a race between all 2nd and 3rd position holders.
The winners would proceed to the next round.

Second round:


Three players would be playing the game at a time.
The winner would proceed in the next round.

There would be a race between all 2nd position holders.
The winner will proceed to the next round.

 Semi-Final round:

There would be a race between two players.
The winner will proceed to the final round.



Final round:
All the remaining players will race in this round.
The first to finish will be the winner.

Game settings:
The arena of racing would be chosen by the players on basis of voting.

The car would be selected by the player.


Rules:
-	Players must be present in the tournament area  at the notifications schedule. Players are advised to be present a few minutes before the schedule to avoid any unpredictable delay. If the team is not present at the notification schedule, they shall be disqualified.
-	Teams will be given 1 minutes to configure their settings and after that use of console or change in settings will be strictly prohibited.
-	The seating arrangement is to the discretion of the tournament officials.
-	Players are allowed to bring their own headphones. Headphones will not be provided by the committee.


Expected strength of participants: -
20-30 Total.
 
No of Labs/Classroom/seminar hall/ Multimedia Hall/ Dental Hall needed for each round: - -
Event : Lab 5.

Registration fees per head: - -
30/- per head
 
Student Coordinator:
Raj Kansara  (Mobile No. : - 8460579592 Mail ids: - rajkansara26@gmail.com)
Pururaj Solanki (mobile no:- 075729 01706 mail id:- pururajsolanki45@gmail.com)
