
Mechanical Mystro

Target Participants: Semesters 4, 6 of Mechanical Engineering.
Description: This event is like Treasure Hunt. But it is purely related to Mechanical Engineering. Puzzles and clues related to Mechanical engineering and general knowledge will be given to the students. They have to solve it.
The Number of Rounds: 3 Rounds.
Team size: 3 members per group.
Expected strength/skill of participants: Students should have basic knowledge about Mechanical Engineering.
Registration fees per team: Rs. 50/-.
Name of Faculty Coordinator(s): Gaurang Makwana/S.K.Devangan
Name of Student Coordinator(s): Hetu Patel (Mo:7202879854) Dhrupat Chandra (Mo: 9558526348)
                                                         

Round 1: Battle for best
Details: > In this round there will be MCQ exam of basic technical, General Knowledge and DDU based questions. 
             > Those who perform well will be selected for the next round, around 10 groups will be selected and others will be eliminated.
             > If there will be tie between two or more groups, the group who had submitted their answer earlier will be selected for next round. 

Time Duration: 20 minutes


Round 2: Ticket to finale
 Details:   > In this round clues, picture clues will be given. The area will be Narayan Bhavan and Mechanical workshop. 
                 >There will be limited time and points will be counted on bases of clues solved by each groups after finishing of time.
                 >Around 4 teams will be qualifying for this round.

Time Duration: 40 Minutes

Round 3: Final Showdown
Details:   >In this round some clues will be interrelated like a spiders web and some of them can be directly solved.
                >The team which completes this round in least time will be selected as winner and the prize will be given to them.
 
Time Duration: 60 Minutes

Rules:
1. Participants have to take part as a team with 3 members from which at least 1 should be of six semester.  
2. Use of mobile phone is strictly prohibited for 1st round.
3. An entire team must stay together or the team can split up to find different clues to help them on the treasure hunt. The team members should remain throughout the game in Narayan Bhavan and Mechanical workshops only.
4. Teams have to keep the clues with them until the game finish.
5. After collecting the parts as per clues, the event coordinators will assess it instantly and give it back to the respective team.
6. Teams may pick up only one copy of the clue at each location. The team cannot hide or touch any of the copies intended for teams that arrive after they pick their own clue up. Doing this is cheating and results in disqualification.

7. Any damage done by participant to college property will result into instant disqualification from the event and a penalty may be levied too i.e. Participants will have to pay for the damage they incur.

8. Participants may take help from the helpers provided but then some points will be deducted from the final score of the team.  

9. Event organisers or faculty coordinators are not to be held responsible for any physical injury that occurs to any of the participants.

10. Any internal conflicts between teams will result into instant dismissal of those teams.

11. Final decision will be given by judges only; no team or participant has the right to argue with judges or coordinators.

12. According to increase in levels/rounds the game area may be increased.
