Poignant Disport

Target Participants:  All B. Tech. or M. Tech. Students

Description:

Sometimes you might have also found some interesting analogy of technical concept or Applications and then you working on it and as result you get the Project. [Working Project must require]

So this Felicific the EC department is conducting this event to encourage students who had knowledge about their Working Project to widen their vision in much better and vibrant way. 

Your Idea, Your Project and Your Resources. The real battlefield competition for your creativity. One can bring their own resources as per their idea requirements.

The Number of Rounds: 2
Team size: Maximum 3 members
Expected strength/skill of participants:  Presentation Skill/ Technical knowledge
Registration fees per team: Rs. 60 per Team
Name of Faculty Coordinator(s): Dr. P. D. Dalal, Dr. Y. K. Meghrajani, Prof. N. K. Bhatt
Name of Student Coordinator(s): Preet Patel (9428141317), Anand Therattill (7874800862), Dwij Arora, Ashish Darji

Rounds scheme 
Round 1
Team has to demonstrate the working Project functionalities to visiting group of students in Exhibition. They have to keep project cost in display and in general applications & features (Marketing strategy).
Round 2
Selected Team (based on elimination round 1) will need to showcase the project design from scratch. The project design and all technical aspects must be delivered in front of the large audience comprising of the Jury members/Faculty & Students in 15 minute of time. Then after 
Audience can ask any related questions based on the Ideas Components & Design Aspects 
Example: Working Project like Water level indicator, Home Automation etc.
Rules: 
-	By participating in the event, you agree with rules of event and your full permission to share all project details with audience and jury.
-	Working project must require in event
-	Only 230V power supply will only be provided.
-	Maximum time for a single presentation in second round:  Not more than 15 minutes.
-	Juries are used in evaluation process.
-	Additional evaluation will be done by the viewer voting in round 1.
-	We deem to be in the best interest of the event.
-	Event administrator reserves the right to disqualify any entry under unlikely circumstances.

Time Duration: 3 Hour
