Quizo - Quizzare 

Target Participants: All B. Tech. or M. Tech. students

Description: Based on the basic technical knowledge of electronics, general knowledge and current affairs.

The Number of Rounds: 2

Team size: 3 members only

Expected strength/skill of participants: Knowledge about the current affairs and basic technical knowledge of electronics.

Registration fees per team: Rs. 90 per team

Name of Faculty Coordinator(s): Prof. M. A. Shah & Prof. V. A. Vohra 

Name of Student Co-ordinator(s): Kapadiya Brijesh(9714628635), Solanki Kausha(9033361116), Desai Aadit, Gohel Harsh

Rounds scheme:
Round 1: [Elimination Round] [Technical & non-technical]
Each team will have a time limit of 60 seconds. Questions are displayed on projector. Participants have to write their team name and have to find answer in the paper provided by the coordinators. Answers will be in form of word search. The team which will give their paper first to the coordinator will be given the first preference. The top 5 teams who gives maximum correct answer will be qualified for the next round. After every question prize money will be given to a winner.
Time Duration: 20 minutes
Round 2: [Rapid Fire Round] [General knowledge & Current affair]
This round test both general knowledge & current affairs knowledge of the qualifiers of the round 1. In this round question will be provided in chit to all the team. Letters (A, B, C, D form) are also provided to the team. As per the answer, they have to search letters and have to arrange the letters as per the answers. The team which will arrange the answer first will be given first preference. The top 2 teams of second round will be winner. In this round the teams will be given the time limit of 90 seconds. After every question prize money will be given to a winner.

Time Duration: 30 minutes

Rules:
1.	A team should have at least one pen
2.	A team must consist of 3 members.
3.	Teams not conducting the basic ethics and harming the competitiveness are subject to immediate disqualification.
4.	The decision of the coordinators would be the final and non- questionable.
