The Geek

Target Participants: Semesters 2, 4, 6 of CE IT EC

Description: Become Second to None Computer user by applying your awareness, creativity and skills in using a Computer effectively.

The Number of Rounds: 3

Team size: 1 member only

Expected strength/skill of participants: Knowledge of the Operating Systems: Windows and Linux, Shortcuts and Optimized ways of handling Computer system, Web browsing and hacking techniques, and a basic knowledge of C.

Registration fees per team: Rs. 40

Name of Student Co-ordinator(s): 

1. Smit Limbani (M: 8866400847, Email: slsrlsmith91@gmail.com)

2. Zahra Sidhpuri (M: 8980638951, Email: zahra.sidhpuri21@gmail.com)

Name of faculty Co-ordinator(s): Prof. Vivek S. Patel

Round 1: Pen-paper based Elimination Round 
Participants will be given a set of questions which will check their knowledge of Moderate Level Computer Skills and Awareness.
Qualification for the next round will be based on ranking or cutoff marks.

Time Duration: 45 Minutes

Round 2: Tasks on Windows and Linux OS (Using Computer)
Participants will be given various tasks which they need to perform on Windows and Linux Operating Systems using GUI or Terminal. There will be a time limit for completion of each task and points will be given according to completeness of each task and the best way used for completion of the same.

Time Duration: 90-120 Minutes

Round 3: Clues Based Round (Using Computer)
Participants have to complete a task after completion of which they will get a clue to be used for their next task. The clue will be available from either the previous task itself or the participants will be asked a question whose answer will be their clue. The points for each task will be based on the time taken to complete the task and its correct completion.  

Time Duration: 120-150 Minute
Rules:
1.  Final result will be based on total points scored and time taken by the participants.
2.  Internet access will be restricted for some tasks.
3.  There will be a tie breaker round after the last round if two teams have same score.
4.  Decisions taken by the judge is absolute and binding.
